README.md: Use documentation from kernelci.org/docs (#131)
kernelci/kernelci-api: README.md

mainly based on [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/), [Mongo
DB](https://www.mongodb.com/) and [Redis](https://redis.io/).

> Please refer to the architecture here: https://kernelci.org/docs/api/overview/#api-architecture.

Reviewer: It's better to use links in a sentence than plain URLs, for example:

```suggestion
Please refer to the [API architecture documentation](https://kernelci.org/docs/api/overview/#api-architecture) for more details.
```

## Getting started with docker-compose

> Please refer https://kernelci.org/docs/api/getting-started/#start-docker-compose to start Docker containers of all the services.

Reviewer: Same thing here, please use a link rather than plain URL.

Note that the FastAPI server is running on port 8000 inside the container, but
it's exposed to the host via port 8001 to avoid conflicts with other services.
This can be adjusted for each setup in
[`docker-compose.yaml`](docker-compose.yaml).

## Authentication

> ### Generate SECRET KEY and add it in environment file

Reviewer: This is also covered by the Getting Started documentation so I think it can be dropped.

Author: I haven't dropped the section but added a link and description about env.sample (which is not covered in the documentation).

ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRE_MINUTES is set default to None.

> If user wants to change any of the above variable, It should be added to .env file. Please refer env.sample to add variable to .env file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If user wants to change any of the above variables they should be added to the .env file. Please refer env.sample to add variables to the .env file.
```
